To add a person, we need to get access to a service here in the person input component as well.
Now definitely feel free to implement this on your own,
you need to inject the service and then call the add person method.
Here's your chance to pause the video and try it on your own and
thereafter, we'll do it together. So were you successful?
First of all, we don't need that property with @output anymore and we don't need to import output and
emitter anymore therefore. Instead what we need here is a constructor, so that we can inject our persons
service which is of type persons service and that is important and the import of persons service is also
important. Now
as a side note because that is actually not something you can take for granted by default, this persons
service object we get here will be exactly the same object we get here and that simply happens because
we defined this to be provided in root and that is the default and changing this behavior is beyond
the scope of this refresher.
It is something you can also learn in the official docs, here under dependency injection with these articles.
You could overwrite this to have different objects but here, we want to have to same object actually, we
want to have the same service
so that we work on the same list of persons. Now in onCreatePerson,
therefore I don't want to emit this person name anymore,
instead I want to use my persons service and call add persons and pass this enteredPersonName and now
in the persons service in add person, let's also console log this persons array to see if that worked.
If we now save that and we will face the issue of not being able to navigate to that other component, we
have no navigation bar, we can manually enter /input which is our other route and we do see it here
and I can of course enter Michael here or any other name and hit create and in the console, you'll see
that output and you see the array with Michael being added. So we see that this works but if I now remove
this and go back, you'll not see Michael in the list because the app actually reloads when we manually
change the URL. So we need some way of navigating around so we can finish up that dependency injection
and service logic. So let's take a step back to routing in the next lecture.